Addresses issue #2905 (#2916)
secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox: documentation/README.md

# Documentation secureCodeBox

This repository sources the [SecureCodeBox website](https://securecodebox.io). The webpage provides extensive documentation on [Secure CodeBox](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox), including guides on installation, configuration, and operation. The website is built with the [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) framework and hosted on [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/).
All important decisions regarding the website structure and documentation are recorded in the `/docs/architecture` folder in the [Secure CodeBox repository](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox). If you want to contribute to the documentation, please follow the Style Guide below.

## How the Documentation is Structured and Organized

Here we describe where which type of documentation goes:

> ### Main Documentation Types
> 
> 1. **End User Documentation** – Focused on installation, usage, and troubleshooting.
> 2. **Developer Documentation** – Guidelines for contributing developers.
> 
> ### Sidebar Structure
> 
> - **Getting Started** – Basic setup, installation, and first-time usage guides.
> 
> - **Scanners** – Detailed documentation on different security scanners integrated with Secure CodeBox.
> 
> - **Hooks** – Explanation of available hooks, their use cases, and how to develop custom hooks.
> 
> - **How-Tos** – Step-by-step guides on specific use cases (e.g., configuring integrations, customizing scans).
> 
> > **Note:** The second type of documentation for contributing is below the group "Contributing".

Reviewer: - The order of sidebar elements has not been followed

The changes remove the clarity that the sidebar aligns with the end-user documentation. A better solution would be to restructure the current version without adding subparagraphs. Further suggestions or changes are welcome.
```suggestion
- We have two main documentation types:
  1. Documentation for end users
  2. Documentation for contributing developers
The end user documentation provides groups of documents which are top level in the sidebar in this order:
  - "Getting Started"
  - "HowTo's"
  - "Scanners"
  - "Hooks"
The second type of documentation for contributing is below the group [Contributing](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/contributing/contribution-criteria).
```

## Documentation Guide

> Since we work with various different tools, it is even more important to keep a clean and well-structured documentation. Our website's purpose is to provide a comfortable navigation and clear overview. But since no one is going to update the documentation if it's untraceable, it is also very important to keep the documentation's location clear and as less spread as possible throughout our project. So no single-page documentation hidden in the deep structure of a remote repository!
> 
> In general, we keep specific documentation in the respective directory (e.g., the Amass documentation is a README.md in the Amass directory). Documentation can also be housed in this repository if it is not specifically categorized to something but follows the guidelines of the documentation build scripts.
> 
> ### Contributing Documentation
> 
> The documentation related to **contributing to SecureCodeBox** is grouped under the **"Contributing"** section in the sidebar. This section provides guidelines on how contributors can get involved, including setting up the development environment, submitting pull requests, and understanding the code structure.
> 
> > **Note:** We do not use the terms "Guide" or "Tutorial" for these documents. The contributing documentation follows a structured format to ensure clarity and accessibility.
> 
> #### How to Contribute to Documentation
> 
> - Follow the project's [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).  
> - Ensure all links and references are up-to-date.  
> - Use clear, concise language for all documentation updates.  
> 
> For any questions, refer to the [Secure CodeBox Community Discussions](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/discussions).  
> 
> One key feature our documentations share in order to be put on the website is a frontmatter in each documentation. It is mandatory since at least a title (and for integrations also a description) are required. But it also can provide helpful other information very easily, for a documentation see [frontmatter]. Don't be afraid to use it for including important information, which you can't get/provide otherwise very well, but don't overuse it! For more detailed examples, see the following sections.

Reviewer: - Some sentences lack commas.
- The note is unnecessary.
- The contribution guidelines allow users to contribute not only to the documentation. Also, since the website's "Contributing" section already provides detailed instructions, it's unnecessary to repeat them here.
- We're aiming to maintain consistency across the documentation. So the mention of "Secure CodeBox" should instead be "secureCodeBox".
- The last paragraph doesn't align with the new "Contributing documentation" and should therefore be moved earlier 
```suggestion
Since we work with various different tools, it is even more important to keep a clean and well-structured documentation. Our website's purpose is to provide a comfortable navigation and clear overview. But since no one is going to update the documentation if it's untraceable, it is also very important to keep the documentation's location clear and as less spread as possible throughout our project. So no single-page documentation hidden in the deep structure of a remote repository!
In general we keep specific documentation in the respective directory (e.g., the Amass documentation is a README.md in the Amass directory). Documentation can also be housed in this repository, if it is not specifically categorized to something, but follows the guidelines of the documentation build scripts.
One key feature our documentations share in order to be put on the website is a frontmatter in each documentation. It is mandatory since at least a title (and for integrations also a description) are required. But it also can provide helpful other information very easily, for a documentation see [frontmatter]. Don't be afraid to use it for including important information, which you can't get/provide otherwise very well, but don't overuse it! For more detailed examples, see the following sections.

### Contributing Documentation

The documentation related to **contributing to secureCodeBox** is grouped under the [Contributing](https://www.securecodebox.io/docs/contributing/contribution-criteria) section in the sidebar. This section provides guidelines on how contributors can get involved, including setting up the development environment, submitting pull requests, and understanding the code structure.
For any questions, refer to the [secureCodeBox Community Discussions](https://github.com/secureCodeBox/secureCodeBox/discussions).
```
